=== Best Example ===
Input: Ernest: hey Mike, did you park your car on our street?
Mike: no, took it into garage today
Ernest: ok good
Mike: why?
Ernest: someone just crashed into a red honda looking just like yours
Mike: lol lucky me
Reference: Mike took his car into garage today. Ernest is relieved as someone had just crashed into a red Honda which looks like Mike's. 
Prediction: Mike: No, took it into garage today. Ernest: Someone just crashed into a red honda looking just like yours. Mike: lol lucky me.
ROUGE-L: 0.6809

=== Worst Example ===
Input: Jayden: But I don't need kids. Kids means over. At least for a woman
Brennan: Over what ?
Jayden: The end of normal life. Being pregnant, suffering because of this etc
Brennan: Hmm so I need to look for another mother to my kids then. Haha
Jayden: Being obligated to be with the. 24h. Men have only sex and they wait for kids while women suffer
Brennan: I don't agree...
Jayden: I wish I could do the same. Then probably i would say the same like u.
Brennan: Guys like me would be there through it all to reduce the suffering
Jayden: Physical suffering. No one can do anything with this. I wish I could just have sex and wait for a baby while having a normal life. Not getting fat, having the same body, the same breast and not disgusting ... Not feeling sick, not having pain, being able to do every day stuff even like walking...
Brennan: It's gonna happen eventually
Jayden: I was I'm a store, behind me there was a pregnant woman, she dropped some money and she couldn't even take them from the floor... I had to help her
Brennan: That's because she's about to give birth
Jayden: I hope that maybe soon they will be possible to have a child without being pregnant. Yes! And she's suffering
Brennan: Any I'm sorry for feeding you with my bullshit
Jayden: While a man is doing his normal stuff. U mean the conversation?
Brennan: I hope you find a guy that can give you the sex you want and not get pregnant
Jayden: Would be awesome
Brennan: I'm gonna go to sleep now. Good night
Jayden: I said I don't want to have any children now! Maybe in the future when I have a good job, I'm financially independent. Good night
Reference: Jayden explains Brennan why she doesn't want to be pregnant.
Prediction: Jayden: I wish I could just have sex and wait for a baby while having a normal life. Men have only sex and they wait for kids while women suffer. Jayden: Kids means over. At least for a woman.
ROUGE-L: 0.0400
